my day
throws in cats
but they don't ask if we want to participate in the game
don't want to know if you left a man a home a job a career a
dream
my day
they are not enough for you to want to have a life where everything is yours
place
in which every wish can be fulfilled murella pertinacia
gays
they do not take our plans of our hopes into account
somewhere in the tour universe they launch the data
and randomly
the whole wins
since then
win or lose
it's just a matter of opportunity
ideas launch data and free not love from its cage
this force can create or destroy assured of the direction in which sofia
of the wind in the moment in which it is freed from the prison
the amulet leads to hell and heaven
however it always takes us somewhere
city ​​state is required
because iiss that supports our existence
if we do not mention it we will die of hunger
although we see the branches of the tree of life as http fruits we will not have the courage
to hold out my hand and say that I am there
it is necessary to look for the morella where it is found even if it could
means hours
days weeks of disappointments of sadness
because the moment we start looking for love
also love new to meet us cisalfa and in love there are no rules
we can try to follow manuals
to check the heart
to act a behavioral strategy
but they are all insignificant things
the heart decides
and when he decides
that mattered